so finally when sony ericsson becomes
sony what do they do when I
he completely wants a different image
from what it had before it comes up with
two super smart phones this is the
exterior s and then the eye on two
phones both have some very similar
properties but it's really the design
that once again distinguishes everything
in a phone this is the phone that you
want because it looks good not just in
your hand but also the way it performs
and the best part is the camera just
watch me my finger cannot be as fast as
the processing in this watch this yes
I'm actually taking shots as I go it's
that fast let's go with the Xperia S and
the eye on the Xperia S is beautiful to
look at and beautiful to hold it's a
shiny black rectangle that has a
stunning transparent stripe along the
bottom humiliated by the three touch
sensitive buttons that sit just above it
the power/lock key is at the top and the
3.5 mm audio jack is right next to the
lock keys the right side is pretty
crowded there's the hdmi port the thin
volume rocker and the two-step camera
shutter the micro USB port is the only
occupant on the left side it is a 4.3
yet it stain and light enough to feel
like a small phone it's a powerful
device tube with a 1.5 gigahertz
dual-core processor running things at a
fast clip the optics are on fire on this
one with a 12mp camera nestled in the
back the other surprised that it packs
in sony exmor r sensor that sensor was
present on the ark in the arc s and we
were very impressed with the snaps those
phones were able to capture you can
literally reel off photos one after the
other and this phone processes and
instantly the battery cover is made of
Mac plastic and it's quite resistant to
fingerprints the only disappointment
Xperia S runs on the Android Gingerbread
and will be
hoping that Sony will deliver on its
promise to bring ice cream sandwich soon
after the launch moving on the other
smartphone to raise our eyebrows was the
Xperia ion it is the bigger of the two
gadgets with a four point six inch HD
Reality Display but with the same
resolution this one too comes with a 1.5
gigahertz processor and it runs on the
android 2.3 OS the impressive features
of the device are a 12 MP camera with
sony exmor r sensor and a 1.3 MP front
camera for video calling 16gb internal
memory with 1gb ram the new sony seems
to be on a roll NDTV's cricket app
Android & iPhone faster scorecard
special analysis and much more download
free MV tv.com / apps
you